Adds Fock representation of MZgate (#257)
XanaduAI/thewalrus: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Adds the function `hafnian_banded` to calculate the hafnian of a banded matrix [#246](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/246)

> * Adds the functions `mzgate` and `grad_mzgate` to calculate the fock representation of the MZ gate and its gradients [#257](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/257)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the functions `mzgate` and `grad_mzgate` to calculate the Fock representation of the Mach-Zehnder gate and its gradients [#257](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/257)
```
